CS 452 United Way Project Group Fall 2014 
Statement of Work 
CS 452 Fall Semester 2014 
United Way Project Team: William Reeves, Stacey Willoughby, 
Dewayne McAnnally, Joshua Grant, Brian Wright 
September 18th,2014 

Scope 

The United Way of Limestone County needs additional forms added to their current website to 
accommodate the needs of their volunteers. The current website needs three additional forms 
added to the site, one to accommodate people who would like to donate items, a form for those 
who have experienced damage because of a storm, and a form for those who need assistance due 
to a disaster. It is preferable if the forms are smart phone compatible. 

Requirements 

The United Way website needs to be updated with additional forms. There will three additional 
forms added to the site. One form will be for those wanting to donate items. The other forms 
will be for those who need assistance due to a disaster, and who have experienced damage. The 
group will need to gather specification on exactly what information the customer needs to obtain 
from the forms. There will need to be an easily accessible link to the forms on the United Way's 
current website' s homepage. 

We will also need to modify their current database in order to store the information. 

The group POC will keep the United Way POC up to date and informed on the current progress 
of the project, and obtain additional information from the United Way POC as needed. 

Tasks 

Information gathering. Gathering information from the United Way POC 
Modify database for information storing  
Update website to include a form for anyone in need of assistance due to disaster 
Update website to include a form for anyone who has experienced damage due to a 
disaster 
Update website to include a form for anyone who would like to donate items to the United Way 
Testing. Testing to make sure all links and forms are working properly, and that there are 
no errors. Make sure all information obtained from forms is properly obtained and stored 
in the database. 
Website training. Admin Training. Answer any questions the customer may have 
Update administrative functionality to reflect addition of new forms 
Deploy website. 

Resources 

The hardware needed for the project will be the Athens State University Server. The ASU server 
is already in place. All work will be performed by the CS 452 United Way Project group 
members. Upon completion of the project, an administrator will be able to obtain the information 
from the forms (an employee of United Way). 


1. Initial Setup 
	o Information gathering 
	o Obtaining materials/info needed to begin project 
2. Design Phase 
	Website Forms 
	Links to the new forms 
	o Add additional links to current United Way website. Make sure they are easily accessible to website users 
	Disaster assistance form 
	o Design form to obtain information for those needing disaster assistance 
	Disaster damage form 
	o Design form to obtain information for those reporting damage from disaster. 
	Donations form 
	o Design form to obtain information for those wanting to donate items 
	Modify database 
	o Modify the United Way dataset in order to store information from the forms 
3. Testing 
	o Test website to be sure there are no errors and website forms are fully functional 
4. Revisions 
	o Group meeting to make revisions if needed 
5. Website training 
	o Admin training 
6. Deploy Website 


Milestones and Projected Times 

Initial Setu 1 week 
Links to new forms 1 week 
Disaster assistance and damage forms 3 weeks 
Donations form 2 weeks 
Setting up Database 4 weeks 
Revision Phase 2 days 
Website trainin 1 day 
Projected time start to finish l1 weeks 
*Projected times are estimates are subject to change in relation to work loads. 

Monitoring and Quality Assurance 

There will be periodic meetings with the United Way Project group members and also with the 
POC from the United Way. Periodic testing will be done to ensure the web page is functioning 
properly. 

Admin User Stories 

o 
As an Administrator, I want to be able to easily obtain information from the website forms 
o 
As an Administrator, I want an easily accessible link on the home page so website users can 
gain easy access to forms 
o 
As an Administrator, I want a UI with limited user permission 
o 
As an administrator, during a disaster I want access to the database when network is down 
o 
As an administrator, during a disaster I want to be able to modify the database 
o 
As an administrator, I want to be able to print from the database 
o 
As an administrator, I want to be able to insert, delete, view, or modify database info offline 
o 
As an administrator, I want a user friendly database 
o 
As an administrator, I want fully functional form pages that are easy for website users to use 
and also look nice 
User Stories 

o 
As a user, I want to be able to easily access information on the website. 
o 
As a user, I want to have the ability to register easily for services. 
o 
As a user, I want to be able to be able to make donations to United Way. 
o 
As a user, I want to be able to report to United Way that I am in need of help. 
o 
As a user, I want to be able to report to United Way that I experienced damage during a disaster. 
o 
As a user, I want to see a full functional website. 


Testing Procedures 

Database Linkage Testing Form s Validation Testing Data lntegrity Testing Forms Access Testing 

lnternal Group Testing Database Load Testing 

Testing Analyst Website Soft Launch 

Release of Product 

Database Linkage Testing: (Josh, Brian, Stacey) -Testing for proper linkage between forms 
and database. 

Forms Validation Testing: (Dewayne, Kyle) -Testing for input on forms that data entry 
parameters are kept. 

Data Integritv Testing: (Brian, Stacey) -Testing for input data from forms that data is corect 
as entered by user. 

Forms Access Testing: (Dewayne, Kyle, Josh) -Testing that all access points for forms are 
correct and in place and adminsitration pages are correctly linked. 

Internal Group Testing: (Josh, Brian, Stacey, Dewayne, Kyle) -Overall usage testing for 
website, database, and forms. 

Limited External Testing: (Select External Users) -Testing of overall site by outside sources 

Database Load Testing: (Josh, Dewayne, Brian) -Testing under load of database 

Testing Anvalst: (Josh, Brian, Stacey, Dewayne, Kyle) -Analytics and anyalizing of testing 
outcomes. 

Website Soft Launch: (Josh, Brian, Stacey, Kyle, Dewayne) -Softlaunch to server and website 
live 

United Way Representative Signature 
